Lilliana Robinson: So we had Brent come here
Lilliana Robinson: 2 programs ago, after Neil had a check in with him like a normal alumni check in, and Brent expressed
Lilliana Robinson: what had kind of gone on during his fundraising process post program. So Brent finished program in spring of 2023. So
Lilliana Robinson: and I'm gonna check out.
Lilliana Robinson: Hold on! Let me mute everybody. A year and a half ago, and then immediately set out to fundraise. And some things kind of happened post program that we're going to let him talk to you guys about. And we thought that it would be really good for the people in program to hear his journey and kind of his learnings. So.
Lilliana Robinson: Brent, I don't know where you want to start, but that's kind of the premise here for the founders here, and then we'll open it up to questions at the end.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Quick extra endorsement, Liliana, for Brent, since I'm not able to stay on the call, Brent. But it's good to see you, man you, too.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So the yeah, like Liliana said. The origin of this was a check in that Brendan and I had, but I heard
Neal Sáles-Griffin: just so many resilient anecdotes that he's been through peaks and valleys, many valleys of despair over just a short period that I thought
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so many of you would appreciate hearing and unraveling, because you need to hear from the founders that it's not just this perfect, pretty story of how well they did. But instead, there's all these other like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: real dips and challenges that he had overcome in his grit and just his entrepreneurial IQ is what's gotten him to the point where he's still here running his business and talking to you all so would love to, you know. Have Brent just be unvarnished in this conversation. Thanks for being here.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah, of course. Thanks for thanks for having me back to kind of go go through some of this here.
Brent Hasse - Flat: So.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, go ahead. Why don't you remind them what flat was did at the time of being in programming? Obviously, we can bring it to what happens now.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah. So when we got in techstars, we're kind of started off with that. We were called the oil change for your house. So we subscription service, we'd have 1099. So, contractor workers come to your house, check your home out kind of a light home inspection. But then also do maintenance.
Brent Hasse - Flat: catalog all your appliances, all of your to do action items, and then you can go and book some of the services through us, or we'd help recommend vendors for you, and be able to go through that
Brent Hasse - Flat: as we went through, like the jobs to be done.
Brent Hasse - Flat: definitely learned that this was a classic vitamin versus painkiller kind of a scenario and didn't quite couldn't quite find that exact direct consumer model. So we started shifting and started working, you know, through different distribution channels. And then towards the tail end of techstars,
Brent Hasse - Flat: started getting some really good traction with a home builder who was going to sign the Loi for over 100 K. With us. We had mortgage officers. So this would be a service that just our software that we'd be able to go and white label for the mortgage broker. They'd give it to their clients, and then we would grab that customer and still try to convert them from
Brent Hasse - Flat: just an online platform user to a subscription user. And then we are still doing the repairs and and making money on the side
Brent Hasse - Flat: had enough traction.
Brent Hasse - Flat: We felt to, you know. All right. We this is the direction we're going to go enough positive buy signs, and we're going to go. Try to try to fundraise. We had commitments from some of our mentors within techstars, and from that point, like, all right, let's try to go and raise, and our goal was to raise you know, $500,000 to be able to go and
Brent Hasse - Flat: go on to that that next chapter of growth for us and within.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I'd say, 2 weeks of leaving techstars we had 150 committed. So I'm like, all right, we're cruising here. This is, gonna be a quote, easy raise, and
Brent Hasse - Flat: it did not turn out that way. So
Brent Hasse - Flat: kind of pause there, Liliana, if there's anything else, kind of wanna yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: I figured out the deck that you used was for your Northwestern presentation. It was the same thing you had brought to Kellogg the night before, if you want to pull that up, because that you had some really good learnings in there.
Brent Hasse - Flat: So that's what I have, and it's more about the product market fit for it.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So we'll skip over the parts that are not relevant. But basically, there's a lot in there about like failure. So, Brent, what was your plan when you were like. So they're in week 11 right now. So they have 2 weeks of program left. When you were there it would have been like May of of last year. What was your plan? Post Demo Day? They all have a goal for Demo Day, and they all know if they're gonna start a raise or not. Some are not, some are. What was your goal at that time when you were in their shoes right now?
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah, no. My goal was to kick off our fundraise, and either file to get money, and that was kind of my. My call was to get money, whether you want to be a customer or whether you want to. You know, invest, we're just looking for money for growth. So we're kind of going those 2 paths, but majority of it was to be able to go and close around so we could continue to grow.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I'll give you a second to pull that up. Does anybody have any questions about post program fundraising that you want to make sure Brent hits while he just pulls that up.
Lilliana Robinson: Do you guys have current fears or worries, or things that you anticipate will be a problem.
Dave Scott: Yeah. One of my fears is that we're pitching in December. And then literally, everyone's gonna be like that's cool. And then they're all gonna go off the holidays, and then by the time they return back they're gonna completely forget about us.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah, I think all there are so many, I guess. Straw man arguments with fundraising, and I've seen all sides of it where.
Brent Hasse - Flat: if you're investable, if you're going through that. And we weren't looking back, we definitely weren't investable. Good business metrics. The the actual traction now is a harder time to fundraise. And this was 2021, 2020. Again, people are just trying to to get out, you know. Get some money out and be able to go in and start investing. And then it really cooled down. And I'm in the property tech space which completely started to dry up. And there's a big graveyard of failures in our
Brent Hasse - Flat: kind of direct target market. So but yeah, people do take time off but let me tell you, they're they're not gonna have a vacation ruin, an opportunity for it. So something I guess. Be mindful of, and and potentially, you know, try to find a way to use it to your advantage of, hey? You know, we're only gonna really be taking 10 meetings. From now to the end of the year.
Brent Hasse - Flat: You know we've got 8 slots left something along the line just trying to even limit your time where you know you're trying to do your holiday stuff and through that. But I would. I will say, yeah, people are.
Brent Hasse - Flat: you know, a little quieter along that time, but there's plenty of people who do raise or get commitments, and and trying to go through that.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. Thanks, Dave.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I'll let you go ahead, Brent, and maybe I'll slide Pepper in where it's more important and less important for these guys to hear.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Gotcha so I'll go through. This is kind of our our journey, of of how we got to where we're at today with some of the target market piece. These are all the distribution channels that we've tried. And Liliana did I have I done this with this group? I don't think so. I think.
Lilliana Robinson: No. And it's really relevant because we do have quite a few that are pivoting during program totally relevant. And then we'll just make sure that we hit on what happened post program, and and your and your raise.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Okay, so this was the initial model. We had pricing per home direct to consumer started learning. Hey? Maybe we have to do a different distribution channel. So the toughest thing for me, early on within the techsars
Brent Hasse - Flat: cohort was to really help even thinking of experiments, and I'm sure you all were in that phase. 2 of
Brent Hasse - Flat: I don't even know what to do, or you tell me to go and experiment and try things like
Brent Hasse - Flat: Who? Where? Why? Give me some ideas? And I wish I could tell you how I we thought of all of these, but once you start making one attempt.
Brent Hasse - Flat: and you just start learning. It's a skill to learn how to experiment and how to iterate and talking with people. So these are all of the channels that we thought we were going to go down.
Brent Hasse - Flat: and had very.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I'd even say good to great meetings with large players in these spaces. We got up to a certain point. And at the end of the day.
Brent Hasse - Flat: this one here, these Hvac companies.
Brent Hasse - Flat: This is where we have really circled back to with a completely different product, completely different rollout strategy. And it is working. So it's really interesting where we started with the real estate agents. This is the 1st thing every investor has ever said. Oh, you should start with real estate agents like yes, it makes sense, you know. They'd be able to give this to their client base and want to have engagement. But we learned they're just they don't care. They're trying to find their next deal, that's all they're focused on.
Brent Hasse - Flat: So we kept trying new
Brent Hasse - Flat: in interesting ways to try to get in front of customers and trying to get customers at scale and being able to go through all of these different channels and thinking we're close and then failing. And it's kind of that meme that you probably have all seen where it's 2 people digging a hole in dirt, and there's diamonds behind, you know the hole for one person. It's just more dirt for the other, and you know which one are you like? You need to be able to go in, and I guess, just take my word for it. The more you do this.
Brent Hasse - Flat: the more you will be honest with yourself, and you know, if it's going to work or not. The best example for this for us were these reverse mortgages where someone who fully outright owns their home. So typically older, they don't have any income, so they need to go and really get more money to live. So they go and essentially sell their house. But the bank pays them. So the owner becomes basically the bank because they start paying you for the house, and we thought what a perfect way you have. The bank wants to make sure this home is going to be properly maintained.
Brent Hasse - Flat: We talked to some people in the space. Everyone thought it was a great idea. It's a great selling point for why you use this company versus that company. But the more research we did, and more. And we talked to more people. Linkedin's the best way. I know. You guys probably had that Linkedin seminar just being able to go and reach out to people. Everyone wants to help an entrepreneur if you frame it correctly, of just looking for advice and getting their perspective.
Brent Hasse - Flat: We learned that the government actually covers 100% of the loan. So if that house gets burnt down, if that house has all the copper stripped out of it.
Brent Hasse - Flat: It doesn't matter. The government is going to go and save
Brent Hasse - Flat: the lender from that, so they don't care if this home is well maintained or not, they really don't, because they're covered. So we would have known that we kept talking through it and using our investor pitch decks, and we're talking through it. And no one told us this wasn't going to work. Everyone thought it was a great idea, but we we quickly learned it was actually wrong. So being able to know when to really kind of cut your losses and move on
Brent Hasse - Flat: is tough to do, but you have to do it. But guess what you could always circle back to it. So just because you put it on the bookshelf doesn't mean it's dead forever. And that's how we were able to kind of come back around with our new distribution channel, which is through all of these Hvac companies, plumbing companies, electric companies
Brent Hasse - Flat: that are owned by private equity groups that are looking for different ways to create a stickiness and engagement for their client base. So they actually, we white label our product, the software for them. And then they give it to all of their customers. It allows them to go and identify what work they should do in their home if they even save their paint colors just provide value. That's outside of even them monetizing it.
Brent Hasse - Flat: And it's really started to actually take off. And we learned because those companies actually have money. They're making money. Mortgage companies aren't real estate brokerages aren't insurance companies, aren't we found someone who
Brent Hasse - Flat: actually wants the product and we're getting pulled in that direction versus me, trying to hard sell people and really try to force it. It's it's a nice change. But we would have never gotten to this point if it wasn't for trying and failing all these times.
Lilliana Robinson: Some people are hitting that right now, like chora at cogniscope. That's a 1 that comes to mind. Basically, the customers are pulling them and asking them for the product. And so that's kind of how you know that you've hit it.
Lilliana Robinson: It's just.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Absolutely. And then be be careful, people saying yes, where all of those people we had on this other slide here.
Brent Hasse - Flat: The reason why we're going down these channels is because we cold call people.
Brent Hasse - Flat: And people would say, Yes, but guess what? Yes, doesn't do anything for me. It doesn't feed my 3 kids. It doesn't pay my mortgage like you need to give me money, and I'm sure you guys have the conversation of no free pilots, and through through that there, even if it's a dollar, it's something. And people will speak with dollars
Brent Hasse - Flat: where so many of those channels everyone said, Oh, I love this idea. This sounds good. And then, yet no one's ever buying versus these home service companies. We're getting that real money every single month from these customers, and it's not even a question like we're looking about raising our price. So it's really interesting from from that side. And if someone's willing to pay for it. It's a good indicator that that you've been able to to find that. Yeah.
Tali & Flo: Hi, Brent, thank you so much for this talk. This is like really hitting the nail, for where we are at the moment, we're also a bit in the prop tech space as well selling to short term rentals. And my question is, did you actually target all of them simultaneously and with all the different types of messaging? Or was it like? Conceptually, it's like one after the next after the next. How did you go about this.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yep, what a great segue, because this is like how we went through it here of we really just learned and iterated. It's not like we put it all up on a board like, all right, Monday and Tuesday we're going after this one Thursday, Friday. This one I want to. I'm a planner. So that's why it's so hard for me to
Brent Hasse - Flat: try to think outside the box and think creatively. And I'll say it again. It's like a muscle. You just have to keep practicing it. And then all of a sudden, you start seeing you know it's like when the games I'm a i love, you know, sports football. It's like a quarterback when all of a sudden they start understanding the defense. You start kind of seeing things, and everything slows down, and it all just kind of makes sense. So this is how we got to where we were at. We were direct consumer started with friends and family
Brent Hasse - Flat: built the website, had some decent tracks with real estate agents think carriers. And then we learned, I direct to consumer maybe wasn't gonna work. But let's try to use them as a distribution channel.
Brent Hasse - Flat: tried the Freemium, and then we went full b 2 b. But then different channels. We added some some new features we learned we need a national coverage. So we just all these things were just kind of one after another of listening and iterating. And you have to talk to customers like that's the the biggest thing which I know. They everyone preaches.
Brent Hasse - Flat: but you need to talk to them
Brent Hasse - Flat: without, which is hard for me. I try to sell all the time, so it's hard to turn on that side off, just being genuinely curious of understanding their perspective and just getting their unbiased take on it, and even you, playing a devil's advocate to a certain extent. As to why they wouldn't. You want to get to the no to say, Hey, no, it's not going to work, and here's why and you just kind of learn and iterate from there. Because that's how you know when we were partnering with the mortgage company.
Brent Hasse - Flat: She was a direct to consumer customer. She had a 3 flat here in Chicago, and we'd go there do maintenance repair, and she I would love to give this to my client base. But you know, at $500 a unit, I just can't afford that said, All right. Well, what if you pay us 3 grand for the year? And you could add as many clients as you want? But they just have the app.
Brent Hasse - Flat: she goes. Oh, I would love to do that! Can I put my logo on it? We're like, sure. And then, as we did that, we learned. She gave us the idea for the home finance tab. So she has all the mortgage information and the home value. So we added that now that started unlocking a whole new engagement piece where these homeowners are actually opening up our notifications, 70% of the time
Brent Hasse - Flat: to learn about their home value, which is just a free Api we have, which we thought was kind of silly, but we're showing real engagement, and we would have never gotten that if we didn't talk to her and dive into that with her. So all those conversations, and then that opens the door for us, talking with Zillow in realtor.com who are in conversations with now.
Brent Hasse - Flat: one thing always leads to the next, so there's no linear path. It's just being able to be able to really go and just listen, hear what people have to say.
Lilliana Robinson: Good question.
Brent Hasse - Flat: So this is the the platform now, which I was telling about just is really just white labeled we've completely removed the entire operation side of the business. And you know, part of my financial model always was to try to use the software to be able to convert people to customers, and it was really hard for me to admit that we were wrong. My co-founder and I were wrong about
Brent Hasse - Flat: homeowners would be actually willing to pay for someone to come in their house and do maintenance and repair.
Brent Hasse - Flat: It's something that everyone. If we did a poll of new homeowners, 98% of them would say Yes, and but we learned only one or 2 are actually going to pay for it. So we really had to make a quick decision here, and we didn't have that track. We didn't have, you know, when we were fundraising. If these are really good, if we had really good business fundamentals of, you know, 10%, 20% conversions of freemium users that would actually pay for the service. The scaling of it was going to be fine. I was comfortable with operationally where we were at.
Brent Hasse - Flat: but the customer spoke that no one wants this, and it was really hard to admit, and I think all of us fall in love with it a little bit
Brent Hasse - Flat: with it, and when I say, Fall in love is like thinking. This is the correct way. Should a homeowner have someone come to their house twice a year to go and take a look at all their systems, and look in the attic and look underneath their sinks.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Absolutely.
Brent Hasse - Flat: But people don't. We have customers who even are still paying us because we have a couple who are still doing it?
Brent Hasse - Flat: And you know, they just keep pushing off the inspection. They're fine paying, but they don't even want someone in their house, so it's being able to take a good, honest look at yourself, and and try to be able to go in and identify some of that, and we had to lay off. You know my 1st hire who went through techsars with us. He was our operations manager. We had to let go of the entire operations team, and we weren't able to fundraise, and a lot of the concerns that investors brought up
Brent Hasse - Flat: were extremely valid, not to say, you know. I also don't want you all to think that you know everything. An investor tells you you go that route because there's a lot of horrible advice. It's their perspective. But
Brent Hasse - Flat: it's a lot of it turned out to be true. Yeah, I know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, Brent, thank you for sharing that. And just a quick pause, a couple of things I want to highlight and and draw out of you from this moment. What you just shared
Neal Sáles-Griffin: one is sounds like you had a hard truth with Jtpd
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right cause on one end. The the notion of the behavior of of doing the right thing for home inspection makes total logical and intuitive sense, and a lot of people would not, along, myself included. Right. We're all excited about that prospect of you getting in people's homes and digitizing everything and having this centralized dashboard.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But then, on top of that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: how did you, as a founder, manage
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the psychological trauma of realizing that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: people weren't actually behaving in the way that you anticipated, and you had to make really really difficult business decisions and trade-offs, and even let people go because of that.
Brent Hasse - Flat: For being honest. I I think I really deep down, knew when we all do. It's that gut feeling where you think you. You know what
Brent Hasse - Flat: is the correct answer, but maybe not really willing to admit it. Yet it was honestly so
Brent Hasse - Flat: freeing to admit that, and it was extremely difficult to let go of some of the team members again. They were my 1st hires. They were with me for the journey, and I told them this is like I failed them. This is nothing they did. This is something I did. I failed. This direction was not the correct way for the for the company. I hired people that were not, you know, were fitting for the direction I thought we were going, and unfortunately it's not that way. So I failed. You didn't
Brent Hasse - Flat: getting past the emotional side of be, you know, laying people off.
Brent Hasse - Flat: It was honestly free. Because you're not in the back of your mind questioning yourself and and not it's. It's something that you know you had to do that
Brent Hasse - Flat: you ended up, you know, finally getting it done. And now you feel feel free about. It's like having a very difficult conversation with someone, and you build it up in your head. But after you have it, you know you feel so much better about it. So it really opened us up and truly energized Cam, my co-founder and I and our engineering team, and allowed us to really start diving headfirst into the pure Sas play, which was way more scalable, significantly. Better unit economics. And
Brent Hasse - Flat: just we're comfortable and really confident with where we're at I was having a conversation with my wife yesterday, so we're still my co-founder, and I are paying ourselves. We're paying our our dev team and getting close to a break. Even
Brent Hasse - Flat: I was telling my Katie it is. It feels different, and I know I probably said that for real estate agents I said it for mortgage brokers. I said it for insurance companies, but having learned all those lessons, I've learned that false confidence where you have a conversation with someone. And you get so excited because someone actually believes in you.
Brent Hasse - Flat: we have people. We have a meeting. We're going to be adding hopefully, with this private Equity group. We're gonna do a pilot with 5 or 10 and locations, and they have 70 across the country like a massive contract for us.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I don't care. We have our pitch. Here's what we're doing. We're going through the process, and that could not, that could totally not happen. And it's not going to affect me at all. The highs and lows have been so much higher and lower than I really thought. Coming into this. And this is some advice a couple of mentors gave me is you just have to really lop off the highs. If you lop off the highs, the lows don't feel as low.
Brent Hasse - Flat: It is very hard to do even find myself with it. You know it's not living by my own advice, but it is true, because the lows can be low of people backing out and going through that. But it just feels, you know, you feel confident in what you're doing. Maybe it won't push that way. So
Brent Hasse - Flat: speaking of of that, the highs and lows, I'll kind of get into the fundraising journey a little bit. So had 150 committed trying to raise 500, we were stuck in a weird middle ground of. We had a product. We had some decent revenue and decent commitments.
Brent Hasse - Flat: but we are raising only 500, because that's what my co-founder and I, you know, looking at our model.
Brent Hasse - Flat: we what we were probably a little more than we needed, and super confident to get the profitability and then continue on that next raise. But that's a pre seed raise. But our product is more of a seed product. So we were not even getting through to the next call. We probably had 20 meetings, and only
Brent Hasse - Flat: I'll say 5 made it to like a second call.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Friends.
Lilliana Robinson: Those commitments. The 150 that was from during program, or this was right after program.
Brent Hasse - Flat: After it was a yeah. It was a couple of the mentors that that we were working with. We're going to put in money. 50 of it was from a mentor ended up backing out because of a personal situation like it was all these things of these people we were going through
Brent Hasse - Flat: And when
Brent Hasse - Flat: I really started having honest conversation with some of these investors after they said No, and the whole like, oh, you're too early, I'm like, all right. Is that too early? We don't have enough customers. We don't have enough revenue, we don't. And what we uncovered is that we just didn't fit into this pretty little box for Vcs. Of having their have it make sense to them of all right, you have a product, and you have over 100 k. Of revenue. All right. That's a seed round the seed round is one to 3 million.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Wait! Why are you only doing half a million. So overnight
Brent Hasse - Flat: we went through. We changed it to a 1.2 million dollars raise, and all of a sudden our conversion rate to a second meeting went from 25% to 75%.
Dave Scott: Sorry. So so your 100 K. Was arr, or Mrr.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Error.
Dave Scott: Got it. Okay.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah, we were. I mean it was. It was. It was low, but with good traction signs. Those last couple of months.
Lilliana Robinson: And this is in spring 2023. So market fluctuates, you know, from year to year. I would I would not take this like all of these nitty gritty like numbers Brent's throwing out as gospel. But it's definitely, isn't it funny? He's following his model. He's doing exactly what Troy said, not raising more than you need. Just like, David Cohen said. You know, don't ask for more than you need, or else you're going to have like a half filled round.
Lilliana Robinson: but he switched it and it ended up working. So it's it's kind of investors are fickle. And I think this is a really good story. The reason we keep asking Brent to come back is like this is a real story. It's not just principles. Sometimes, like the things Troy and David say, are amazing, but investors are real people, so sometimes you have to treat them the same way. You would do Jtbd on a customer, and it's a little bit frustrating.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah. And then we had
Brent Hasse - Flat: Lois for almost another 250 k arr. So we're getting these good traction big names. Everything was looking good and started moving along. In that process followed a really good process. A mentor here in Chicago is going through. And really it's a full time, job. You need. You need 2 weeks to do all of your diligence. You need 2 weeks to send out warm intros.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Cold intros. Obviously try to as warm as much as possible. Follow up on those intros
Brent Hasse - Flat: 2 weeks to have those meetings, and then another 2 weeks for the follow up meetings. I mean, it's it's at least an 8 week process of 100%
Brent Hasse - Flat: nose down, grinding away from the business to do a proper fundraise. And we ended up getting to 1.3 5 million in commitments. We had a person come in with a million dollar check from an insurance focused fund because they were going to use us for carriers and get all the data.
Brent Hasse - Flat: And my job was done. I got the commitments. We're all good, and we're, gonna you know we'll we'll get the money at some point and we'll be okay.
Brent Hasse - Flat: It didn't didn't happen the 1 million dollar commitment
Brent Hasse - Flat: backed out about 6 weeks later. Said.
Brent Hasse - Flat: because we were going through the process with them, and we picked up on a couple of signs. Right? You guys are still almost doing diligence here. We never got a term sheet. We got a verbal like on the phone. I followed up with the email. Everything alright sounds good. All the things you're supposed to do and they really wanted us to purely go insurance, and we could not. They had to go insurance. We were going that route, and we weren't willing to kind of commit to that.
Brent Hasse - Flat: We had a lot of traction elsewhere which we still could work with insurance. Looking back, I think they knew that, and they were just looking for an excuse to kind of get out, so we had them back out. We had some other money back out. We ended up closing
Brent Hasse - Flat: about $300,000, which is funny where we're trying to raise 500. We end up closing like 3, and that's with a couple investors. And
Brent Hasse - Flat: to date we're still under half a million of total fundraise, and you know, really was difficult. I thought we were done, and there's a founder here in Chicago named Ryan Coon, who sold his company to realtor.com. He was in the single family rental Startup, just a phenomenal mentor, and he told me something years ago that I still haven't posted on my desk where startups fail for 2 reasons, and I've still yet for someone to tell me
Brent Hasse - Flat: a 3.rd It's either you run out of money
Brent Hasse - Flat: or you quit like. Those are the only 2 things that you could actually kill your company and like
Brent Hasse - Flat: Damn! You're right, and you have to do something every day to either. Not quit or not run out of money. So oh, I didn't know that, Neil.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I know man, small world.
Brent Hasse - Flat: He's I reach out to him cold on Linkedin when this was just an idea in my head, and he gave me the time of day, and
Brent Hasse - Flat: he's now invited me a couple times. When you have a successful exit you buy toys, so he has a cool boat now, which I was able to go on and see the the fun side of it, just like an amazing person. But it's it's hard, and then not run out of money all right. Well, I try to not run out of money by raising it.
Brent Hasse - Flat: but, damn it, let's go try to get customer money. Here, let's let's grow that way. So you see, there, you're talking to investors. You're talking to customers. Those are the only ways to try to get money. So that's really kind of where we put our head down. Had a pity party for maybe a day or 2. It's okay to admit when something fails and you got to let it out. It sucks a lot of walks on Lake Michigan. I was living in the city and kind of staring out, and it's like man. What did I? How did I fail? What could I have done?
Brent Hasse - Flat: Time heals everything. You gain some perspective. You talk to other founders, and I've probably said, you know I talked to other founders already 20 times in my rambling here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. You came to my house, too, man. I remember.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah, yeah, those are the only people who understand what you're going through. Your family doesn't.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Your spouse knows to a certain extent, probably the closest one, because I hear you all the time your friends don't, unless there's another founder they're the only ones who really understand it, and
Brent Hasse - Flat: the more. You talk with them and are open with them.
Brent Hasse - Flat: You learn it's not you. They have stories that they've honestly forgot about, of how they've failed hundreds of times in the past, or something didn't work out, or a story of someone else. So it's it's not you.
Brent Hasse - Flat: there's a luck and timing to a lot of this. So we kind of at that point said, All right, we've got to limit our spend. So my co-founder and I stopped paying ourselves. We let go of the operations team kind of continue on. We were profitable last month for the 1st time, which I've heard someone say is like
Brent Hasse - Flat: saying, you're on a diet, and you're losing weight because you have a tapeworm. It's like, Well, you're not paying yourself so like, are you actually break even. But we're still at that point, though, and it just comes down to the basics. Would would it have been easier if we got the money?
Brent Hasse - Flat: I'd argue we probably would be in the exact same situation, and would have burned through some of it, and would not have quit the in home assessments early enough, because we would have had the time and the money to do it, and would have kept believing in it and testing it. We wouldn't have gone to where we're at today, and it forced us to figure it out. It really did.
Brent Hasse - Flat: And I've been talking for a while here. So I'll pause real quick.
Lilliana Robinson: No, this is amazing, Brent.
Lilliana Robinson: Any questions so far, we'll just pause for you guys.
Brent Hasse - Flat: So when I was in your shoes.
Lilliana Robinson: Wait quick. Question, Brent. Really quick.
Morgan Stanton: Sorry I have a quick question.
Morgan Stanton: how did you feel after techstars? For like using the momentum of being in techstars for your raise right. That's what I keep thinking like. Oh, we should do it because, like now, the iron's hot, right? Like, you gotta move forward, and I don't know if that's a good strategy or not.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Depends on the metrics. I mean, you need to be able to go. Be honest with yourself and the traction and the storytelling. That's something I really had to practice. I'm not a naturally great storyteller, so it's a skill I had to learn. And even if you want to use that momentum to continue on conversations and build that story. If you're not going to raise
Brent Hasse - Flat: the story as to why and when you are, and then the people you want to talk, to continue on those conversations, dropping the little breadcrumbs along the way along the holidays, and then maybe kick it off, beginning next year
Brent Hasse - Flat: everyone kicks off fundraising. Beginning of, you know, the New Year kind of the same thing with the holidays, but it's all about a story so kind of sit down, maybe talk some of the mentors and and see where it's at. Don't raise, just because, like, Oh, I have.
Brent Hasse - Flat: you know the tech stars we'll use that techsars momentum in a different way is what you could do.
Brent Hasse - Flat: When I was sitting there with you all I had. We had probably had people come in and talk about this of failed fundraise and all of that.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Well, guess what like. I'm not you. I'm going to fundraise. I'm confident my business is good. I'm going to be able to sell people. We're going to get this thing done.
Brent Hasse - Flat: and it didn't work out. So I know some of you are probably sitting there with that which you should, you all should be damn confident you got into freaking techstars like that's, you know, top 1%. So of course you're gonna be confident, and you should be with that business, I would just say, Don't
Brent Hasse - Flat: have it. Just don't have. Don't take your don't be too hard on yourself if the fundraise does not work out, because there are so many paths, so many unconventional paths. Here I was talking with a fraternity brother of mine, who is also in the startup world.
Brent Hasse - Flat: He was able to just go and basically double his investment with one single person based off of. He was sacked someone on a plane. So these things just happen, and just put yourself in an opportunity to be successful time and time again. But keep.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Just keep doing if you believe in it, and as soon as you stop believing in your mission and what you're doing, that's when you know it. May, it may be time, but don't you know, don't say yourself short, and fundraising is not the end. All be all getting commitments is not the end all be all. It is getting the money in the door, getting customers and getting traction. That's that's really what your job is. I thought my job was to get commitments, and I did a great job getting commitments, but couldn't close the door, so
Brent Hasse - Flat: Just kind of keep keep grinding and talk to each other. There's a handful of the founders I still talk with very regularly from our cohort.
Brent Hasse - Flat: and you all are probably along the path in different ways. But you. It's very interesting how you hit different points. Inflection points
Brent Hasse - Flat: simultaneously with your, you know, in parallel, really with your your cohort, because you all are similar stages. So even the people that you're going through this with they're going to be going through the same thing. You are.
Lilliana Robinson: Brent, do you still do like monthly kpis with them? Or are you just saying like you just kind of text them as friends, or both?
Brent Hasse - Flat: No, we we don't do the Kpi. That's just not. I know some of them do. I don't I?
Brent Hasse - Flat: We have our own kpis work with like investors, mentors, and stuff like that. This is really on the emotional mental side of it of the ups and downs. Have one of my my cohorts buddies, who he was, you know, close to, you know, going through a potential like aqua hire situation, but also be able to go and build it out. But now that didn't work. But there's another one here, and we're going through. There's a potential here for like a private equity deal for us that we
Brent Hasse - Flat: change our mind on, and
Brent Hasse - Flat: gonna be a customer now, I think, for us. But it's
Brent Hasse - Flat: just, you know, those days when you're like.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Damn it, nothing is working.
Brent Hasse - Flat: and it's it's good to again. Just have someone to to talk to vent through, and you feel better.
Lilliana Robinson: I know that the class here already feels that way, because this is a very close class, like they've been supporting each other really? Well. So take Brent's advice to carry it over. And we'll talk about this in the last week about
Lilliana Robinson: continuing these relationships. Okay? So now that you've heard Brent's story both with I actually really appreciate that you included the product market fit, because it kind of goes into the fundraising journey. They go hand in hand. It's not something that happens in isolation, right? Your business progress happens at the same time, and sometimes it directly informs your raise or what happens there. Whether or not you should raise. I like that or put in the chat.
Lilliana Robinson: you know, demand side sales from customers seems a lot easier than understanding investor relations. And I agree with that, because at least we have a science and framework to do so.
Lilliana Robinson: So reflect on the goals you guys created for yourselves, for Demo Day. Do you have any questions for Brent, or are you? Do you want to seek any advice from Brent on your specific situations?
Lilliana Robinson: Feel free to use this time to ask.
Uğur Koç | dert: Hey, Brent? I have a really quick question now. We are in the process of closing.
Uğur Koç | dert: 5 deals by today, but all of them are sort of
Uğur Koç | dert: big enterprise deals, and there's a likelihood that they are slow, and then they don't come to fruition. Come, demo day.
Uğur Koç | dert: So how how should we show traction
Uğur Koç | dert: if we do not have the deal yet? But it's in the process of getting done.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah. I mean what we did. We were in a similar situation.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Loi, a completely non-binding loi put there like you could even write it up. Use chat, Gpt. To write up for you and see if they'd be willing to sign that. And it's very clear in there of this is not a commitment, you know.
Brent Hasse - Flat: for them, but it does. There is something here, and this was advice from one of our Eirs Stu, who I still talk with regularly.
Brent Hasse - Flat: He was able to do that with Microsoft. He didn't even get a letter. He had an email from Microsoft, because all I want is an email with@microsoft.com with your signature, saying, we are interested in what you're doing, and this is of interest to us. And he was able to close around on that. He's a great storyteller. I'm not so something. If someone's willing to sign their name and give it to you and give you their time. That is a great indicator for investors, and you could say we have
Brent Hasse - Flat: $100,000 of monthly revenue with, you know, with Lois, and that's it's there's something there. So yes, it is going to take longer. We had a big insurance carrier who's gonna roll us out to half a million customers.
Brent Hasse - Flat: We're going to get an loi in a couple of weeks, and we're 9 months later now and still in red tape with them. So it's a big corporations who take a long time, but a simple loi that we've we've yet to have
Brent Hasse - Flat: anyone sign an loi who's, you know, and made any fuss about it. It's a really easy way to do it.
Brent Hasse - Flat: but also can use Demo Day, and and honestly having a very kind of honest conversation with them, saying, Hey, we have our.
Brent Hasse - Flat: We have a big presentation to a lot of investors, or something like that. If you have a very close, if you have a decent personal relationship with them. Sounds like a personal favor. Just ask like, Hey, what can we do to get this thing done in the next week like a signed contract. What needs to happen?
Brent Hasse - Flat: And then you could go from there and they say, no, said All right, great. Would you be able to do an loi. So, being able to use use this deadline to your advantage, could also work.
Uğur Koç | dert: Yeah, thanks. That sounds pretty sensible.
Lilliana Robinson: Other questions for Brent.
Lilliana Robinson: Don't be shy.
Dave Scott: So so, Brent, where are you now? So it sounds like, I mean, I'm trying to piece together your story. So it sounds like you went in with one business model to try to raise money. You didn't raise it. You had to take a hard look at the business you pivoted for the better. You also pivoted who the Vcs you were targeting? You raised 300 K. And then and where? Where are you now? Are you.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Burning down that 300 K. Or you break even, are you?
Brent Hasse - Flat: We're we're break even kind of got got to a point. Put some money into working through adding some stuff to the product, but also sales side. And now we're a break. Even we have the the highs and lows for the month, though if we have like a project that we're working on, and my goal
Brent Hasse - Flat: is to not raise another dollar and continue to just grow with customer money because of where we've
Brent Hasse - Flat: we've seen the traction here with these home service companies and what they're willing to pay, and the distribution of it, because the the big unlock for us is
Brent Hasse - Flat: when people sign up with that. Not only are we obviously getting the revenue from them, but we're getting hundreds of thousands of homeowners to now use our product, we could collect the data and start working with with some of that. So our goal is really to not have to raise again. And if we do, it's going to be once we're already significantly profitable. It's like, Hey, now, it's time to truly throw gasoline on this
Brent Hasse - Flat: and and grow. But we're we're at a really good healthy growth pace right now, adding users, pipelines filling up
Brent Hasse - Flat: and just kind of continue on with this path.
Brent Hasse - Flat: And we've you know the like, I said before the graveyard of the Carfax for your home, or anything like that really made. This, I will say impossible for us to fundraise in the prop tech space, and even in the insure tech space or some overlap. So even if we talk to the generalist fund back, then they would reach out to their prop tech or insure tech friend in the industry, and they say, Well, we've seen this 100 times. It's not going to work.
Brent Hasse - Flat: So now that we've fully gone B, 2 B really small business sas completely different product. So we, I think we would be able to raise based off the traction stuff we have right now, I'm set a point where, like, I'm I'm really enjoying growing this business. Everything is looking up to the right and
Brent Hasse - Flat: adding additional
Brent Hasse - Flat: investors additional control like there's something to be said about that, and met with someone who was actually in Techsar, Chicago. I don't know. 3, 4 years ahead of me, and in the similar industry
Brent Hasse - Flat: they raised money, great traction, all that stuff. And there's that me or the meme of, like the graph with like the 2 guys there of kind of basically, they started and ended at the same spot in the middle like, Raise Vc. Hire. People do all this crazy. Go, go! Go! Didn't work out now we're back to where we started, and it's just like, All right. What did I do here? Like? What are we? And then it's just different expectations. And
Brent Hasse - Flat: I I think also, personally like
Brent Hasse - Flat: not taking a salary. We've been able to figure out the way to to do that. So there's not that pressure for me to be able to like. Try to pay myself, which is really big, and that's really something that I think you know is helping my mental side of it. Where, like I'm we're comfortable, and we see this path and what I don't want to give up any more of the apple, and if I had money dropped in my lap. Today we would more or less be wasting it on, just trying to grow faster, faster, but maybe not smarter.
Lilliana Robinson: Hello! And Talitha.
Tali & Flo: Hi, so when you were experimenting with the different client segments, how did you approach pricing? Because all of them will have slightly different needs or willingness to pay. So did you just go into the call and tell them, make up a price between yourselves, and then say that to them and see yes or no? Or is it that you ask them, how much are you currently paying to solve this problem, and therefore slightly undercut that like what was your approach?
Brent Hasse - Flat: I'd say a mix of both, and some other advice I got is no matter what price point you pick. It's wrong. So kind of remove that if I need to find the perfect way to price my product, you're either gonna learn that you're too high or too low, and you're gonna have to adjust it over time. So
Brent Hasse - Flat: no, you know, paralysis by analysis, we had a general idea of like, all right, what are the value props that we think we're getting from them. How could we go and Price point that? How could we make it a quote? No brainer for them to be able to figure out so a little bit of both. But yeah, there's times you go on the call, and you just throw out a number, and you see, if it worked
Brent Hasse - Flat: and it could work in a line that I like to use is we've never lost a deal due to price. Here's how it's priced. Standardly, we have much larger. If there's a larger alignment. We are looking to continue to grow. So we definitely have some ability here to make something work. So then they know you're able to.
Brent Hasse - Flat: you know. Lower it. If you need to.
Tali & Flo: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome. I think we'll wrap there. And, Brent, if you want to stay on for the next 12, in case anyone wants to ask any specific questions or personal questions. This was such like a cozy fireside to start the day with. I really appreciate you sharing your story. I think it inspired a lot of people, and it's extremely relevant. I'm so glad you came right now at this time, because everyone is in your shoes from what you described so really, really helpful. I hope that you can all
Lilliana Robinson: basically end up like Brent, where you've had these learnings, and you're close to hitting, break, even, or hitting break even about a year and a half post program, and you can come back and give the same insights to the next class. So, thanks for being an example, Brent, that was really great.
Lilliana Robinson: I will go ahead and stop the recording.